okay class today you will be receiving
your report cards if it's all A's you
get a week off if it's all B's nothing
happens if it's all C's we will have a
talk after school if it's all DS you
have detention for one hour and if it's
all FS
you are suspended for 45 days here are
the cards
yes I got all these good job camera
the principal's office
okay I got all B's okay Darren go back
to your seat
oh no I got all C's I'm sorry to say
this into it zero 5s version of Eric but
we will just have a talk after school
please go to the principal's office
hey I've got all DS that's right
Annabelle you have detention
for one hour go to the principal's
office right now
you you you you you am I got all that's
can you please give me another chance
absolutely not Swiper you have been the
worst student ever go to the principal's
office right now
so Cameron why are you here I got all
these good job Cameron go home now
so Aaron why are you here I got all C's
okay go back to class to have a talk
with your teacher
so Annibale why are you here I've got
all DS that settles it
go to detention for one hour and I am
calling your parents
oh no not my parents
so Swiper why are you here I got Olaf
Oh God Swiper how do you get olives on
your report card that's it you are
grounded grounded grounded grounded for
1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
years go to your room now